c:\users\heoco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhachSan\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.exe.config
c:\users\heoco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhachSan\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.exe
c:\users\heoco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhachSan\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.pdb
c:\users\heoco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhachSan\GUI\bin\Debug\BLL.dll
c:\users\heoco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhachSan\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO.dll
c:\users\heoco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhachSan\GUI\bin\Debug\BLL.pdb
c:\users\heoco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhachSan\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO.pdb
c:\users\heoco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\heoco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\heoco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\heoco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.exe
c:\users\heoco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.pdb
C:\Users\heoco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmChiTietHDV.resources
C:\Users\heoco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmChiTietThucPham.resources
C:\Users\heoco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmChiTietXe.resources
C:\Users\heoco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmDatPhong.resources
C:\Users\heoco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmKhachHang.resources
C:\Users\heoco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmMain.resources
C:\Users\heoco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmNhanVien.resources
C:\Users\heoco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmPhong.resources
C:\Users\heoco\Desktop\QLKhachSan\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.exe.config
C:\Users\heoco\Desktop\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.exe
C:\Users\heoco\Desktop\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.pdb
C:\Users\heoco\Desktop\QLKhachSan\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.exe
C:\Users\heoco\Desktop\QLKhachSan\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.pdb
C:\Users\heoco\Desktop\QLKhachSan\GUI\bin\Debug\BLL.dll
C:\Users\heoco\Desktop\QLKhachSan\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO.dll
C:\Users\heoco\Desktop\QLKhachSan\GUI\bin\Debug\BLL.pdb
C:\Users\heoco\Desktop\QLKhachSan\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO.pdb
C:\Users\heoco\Desktop\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\heoco\Desktop\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmChiTietThucPham.resources
C:\Users\heoco\Desktop\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmChiTietXe.resources
C:\Users\heoco\Desktop\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmDatPhong.resources
C:\Users\heoco\Desktop\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmKhachHang.resources
C:\Users\heoco\Desktop\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmNhanVien.resources
C:\Users\heoco\Desktop\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmPhong.resources
C:\Users\heoco\Desktop\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\heoco\Desktop\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\heoco\Desktop\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmLoaiPhong.resources
C:\Users\heoco\Desktop\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmThemKH.resources
C:\Users\heoco\Desktop\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmChiTietHDV.resources
C:\Users\heoco\Desktop\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmMain.resources
C:\Users\heoco\Desktop\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmHoaDonThucPham.resources
F:\QLKhachSan\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.exe.config
F:\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.exe
F:\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.pdb
F:\QLKhachSan\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.exe
F:\QLKhachSan\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.pdb
F:\QLKhachSan\GUI\bin\Debug\BLL.dll
F:\QLKhachSan\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO.dll
F:\QLKhachSan\GUI\bin\Debug\BLL.pdb
F:\QLKhachSan\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO.pdb
F:\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmHoaDonThucPham.resources
F:\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmLoaiPhong.resources
F:\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmMain.resources
F:\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmThemKH.resources
F:\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmChiTietHDV.resources
F:\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmChiTietThucPham.resources
F:\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmChiTietXe.resources
F:\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmDatPhong.resources
F:\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmKhachHang.resources
F:\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmNhanVien.resources
F:\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.frmPhong.resources
F:\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\WIN\Desktop\github-QLKS\BTL-QLKS\QLKhachSan\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.exe.config
C:\Users\WIN\Desktop\github-QLKS\BTL-QLKS\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.exe
C:\Users\WIN\Desktop\github-QLKS\BTL-QLKS\QLKhachSan\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.pdb
